Skip to content
New issue

Have a question about this project? Sign up for a free GitHub account to open an issue and contact its maintainers and the community.

By clicking “Sign up for GitHub”, you agree to our terms of service and privacy statement. We鈥檒l occasionally send you account related emails.

Already on GitHub? Sign in to your account

馃悰 [amp-story-panning-media] Set width on amp-img el #36217

Merged
merged 3 commits into from Sep 30, 2021

Conversation

processprocess
Copy link
Contributor

This fixes a cross browser bug (mobile Chrome, desktop Safari and Firefox) where the image would be positioned incorrectly without the amp-img element having width set.

@amp-owners-bot
Copy link

Hey @gmajoulet, @newmuis! These files were changed:

extensions/amp-story-panning-media/0.1/amp-story-panning-media.css

@processprocess processprocess merged commit 22a550f into ampproject:main Sep 30, 2021
wg-stories Sprint automation moved this from In progress to Done Sep 30, 2021
@processprocess processprocess deleted the panning-media-position branch September 30, 2021 17:46
AnuragVasanwala added a commit to rtCamp/amphtml that referenced this pull request Oct 6, 2021
* tickevents: remove unused enum values (ampproject#36159)

* tickevents: remove unused enum values

* Remove dupe of CLS, fidv, lj1,lj2

* format

* 馃摝 Update cimg/openjdk Docker tag to v17 (ampproject#36172)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency rollup to v2.57.0 (ampproject#36134)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/graphql to v4.7.0 (ampproject#35844)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍  Migrate `observeWithSharedInOb` to `observeIntersections` (ampproject#36106)

* 馃彈 Make setup-node step consistent across gh actions (ampproject#36175)

* Partially revert "馃彈 Parallelize `dist` steps (ampproject#35943)" (ampproject#36176)

* Revert "馃彈 Parallelize `dist` steps (ampproject#35943)"

This reverts commit 1e2c808.

* Partially allow parallelization for smaller tasks

* Also include `compileAllJs` in the parallelized part

* (amp-lightbox-gallery): opens to selected image, resolve ampproject#35920 (ampproject#36103)

removed a unlayout call that would cause the image to default to the first slide

* 鈾伙笍  preact inob: small cleanup (ampproject#36177)

* preact inob: small cleanup

* also remove current

* build-system: only write version.txt once per dir (ampproject#36162)

* build-system: only write version.txt once

* output full set of

* sort the paths

* write files...not directories

* succinct format

* bind-impl: missing ampStateEl is a user error (ampproject#36113)

* Update Yandex & ADFOX amp-ad codes (ampproject#35442)

* 馃ИUpdate OT token for attribution-reporting (ampproject#36181)

* 馃彈  Add `exports` for stylesheets to `package.json` (ampproject#36027)

* Add styles.css export to package.json

* Conditionally add export

* Use `fast-glob`

* Add separate export entry for each stylesheet

* window support

* sort for lint

Co-authored-by: Jake Fried <samouri@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鉁  [bento][amp-iframe] Add validator rules for 1.0 (ampproject#36182)

* 馃毊 Sweep experiments older than 2021-02-01 (ampproject#35486)

Sweep experiments last flipped globally up to 2021-02-01:

- (2021-01-20, a9e2778) `adsense-ad-size-optimization`: 1

* UTF8 encoding/decoding library to deprecated utf8 functions in strings.h|cc (ampproject#36184)

library.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 398102411

Co-authored-by: Amaltas Bohra <amaltas@google.com>

* Validator rollup (ampproject#36185)

* cl/398081751 Use the proto message number instead of index for enums.

* cl/398323481 Two-way sync for PR ampproject#36085. No-op, or fixes merge conflicts, if any.

Co-authored-by: honeybadgerdontcare <sedano@google.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/rest to v18.11.2 (ampproject#36180)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* deps: bump bento-compiler (ampproject#36191)

* 馃摝 Update dependency @jest/core to v27.2.3 (ampproject#36189)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency esbuild to v0.12.25 (ampproject#35928)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update linting devDependencies (ampproject#36119)

* 馃摝 Update linting devDependencies

* Fix lint errors

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>

* 馃摝 Update dependency axios to 0.21.2 [SECURITY] (ampproject#35999)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency esbuild to v0.13.3 (ampproject#36198)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency tar to v6.1.9 [SECURITY] (ampproject#35509)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* performance-impl: cant check ampdoc vis hidden while null (ampproject#36197)

* performance-impl: cant check ampdoc vis hidden before initted

* Add unit test

* 馃彈  Add nice colors to release tagger logs (ampproject#36200)

* log

* comment

* 馃摝 Update core devDependencies (ampproject#36196)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @ampproject/worker-dom to v0.32.0 (ampproject#36138)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency google-closure-library to v20210808 (ampproject#35617)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* SwG Release 0.1.22.186 (ampproject#36202)

* 馃摝 Update dependency chromedriver to v94 (ampproject#35951)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>

* 馃摝 Update dependency tar to v6.1.11 (ampproject#36203)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摉 `bento-facebook` Documentation (ampproject#36038)

* [`bento-facebook`] Update the amp-facebook.md file for both 0.1 and 1.0.
Add a README.md for 1.0 bento mode.

* [`bento-facebook`] Add documentation to describe the amp-facebook  usage
outside of valid AMP docs.

* [`bento-facebook`] Add readme.md for BentoFacebook.

* [`bento-facebook`] Address PR comments to update some attribute names.

* [`bento-facebook`] Update CDN link to bento-facebook-1.0.js.

* [`bento-facebook`] Prettify amp-facebook.md.

* [`bento-facebook`] Update dead link to FB documentation to a real link.

* [`bento-facebook`] Update dead links to be valid.

* 馃毊  Clean up dead amp-sidebar code within stories (ampproject#36178)

* Remove amp-sidebar code from extensions/amp-story

* Remove amp-sidebar visual tests from examples/visual-tests/amp-story

* Remove reference to amp-sidebar from amp-story-interactive README

* Remove remaining amp-sidebar logic from extensions/amp-story

* Remove amp-sidebar logic from amp-story-system-layer code

* Remove amp-sidebar code from amp-story-store-service.js

* Remove amp-sidebar storybook JS files

* A few missed deletions in test-amp-story and build-system/ caught by linter

* Revert extensions/amp-sidebar/*/storybook removal from forbidden terms

* Add back the amp-sidebar storybook files

* Add newline at end of each storybook file

* Run amp get-zindex --fix

* 馃悰 [amp-story-panning-media] Set width on amp-img el (ampproject#36217)

* Set width on amp-img el.

* Add height

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/rest to v18.11.3 (ampproject#36212)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency eslint-plugin-react to v7.26.1 (ampproject#36214)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @ampproject/bento-compiler to v0.0.9 (ampproject#36225)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍Don't fetch crypto signature verifier in no-signing (ampproject#36187)

* 馃悰 Force transfer of `amp-consent` element to the `FixedLayer` (ampproject#36223)

Fixes ampproject#36063

`amp-consent` explicitly adds itself to the `FixedLayer`, transferring itself before the iframe is loaded.

On a later pass, `FixedLayer` decides that `amp-consent` is not transferrable, so it returns it to the original `<body>` element.

Enabling `forceTransfer` causes the return reparenting to not occur, thus preventing the iframe from loading a second time.

* 馃摝 Update core dependencies (ampproject#35061)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency rollup to v2.58.0 (ampproject#36232)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/rest to v18.11.4 (ampproject#36227)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* [bento][amp-iframe] Add README (ampproject#36210)

* [bento][amp-iframe] changes to publish to npm (ampproject#36190)

* 馃悰 fix broken link to Preact/React component section in various README (ampproject#36222)

* 馃彈 release: Update self-hosting support to use amp release (ampproject#36165)

* Update self-host to use amp release

`amp release` copies static files and downloaded resources to supplement
an `amp dist` runtime. Support custom release flavor definitions and
update the amp-framework-hosting documentation.

* Fix typo in documentation

* Prefer accessing argv instead of passing value

* Skip cleaning custom configs by default

* Review suggestions

* [amp-iframe] iframe viewability (ampproject#36131)

* bento amp-iframe: guard effect from running without a win (ampproject#36241)

* 馃殌 babel/terser: rename all amp privates with sentinel suffix (ampproject#36143)

* configs: Separate user configs from output files (ampproject#36236)

Identify user configuration files under build-system/global-configs as
distinct from generated output. This will help avoid accidentally
including them in the cleanup script in the future.

* Fix ref issue in DisplayAsWithRef component

* Update the fix

Co-authored-by: Jake Fried <samouri@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <29139614+renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: dmanek <506183+dmanek@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Esther Kim <44627152+estherkim@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Daniel Rozenberg <rodaniel@amp.dev>
Co-authored-by: William Johnson <dethstrobe@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Mikhail Troshev <mishanga@yandex-team.ru>
Co-authored-by: Caleb Cordry <ccordry@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Pascal Birchler <pascalb@google.com>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Allan Banaag <banaag@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Amaltas Bohra <amaltas@google.com>
Co-authored-by: honeybadgerdontcare <sedano@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>
Co-authored-by: qidonna <968756+qidonna@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: rebeccanthomas <64608436+rebeccanthomas@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Corey Masanto <masanto@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Philip Bell <philipbell@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Alan Orozco <alanorozco@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Matt Mower <mdmower@cmphys.com>
Co-authored-by: Anurag Vasanwala <75766877+AnuragVasanwala@users.noreply.github.com>
dethstrobe added a commit that referenced this pull request Apr 12, 2022
* 鉁 Initial Commit

* 鈾伙笍 Attributes mapped to props

* 鈾伙笍 Base skeleton with references

* 鈾伙笍 Added build functions and 馃枍 CSS

* 馃И Experimental commit for `Gesture` Service

* 鈾伙笍 Added `Gesture`, `Mouse` and `Keyboard` Service

`prettify` is also performed.

* Added `"npm": true` for build-system compilation config

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃毊 Removed validator file until rules are added

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃毊 Removed unnecessary example code

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃毊 Removed `copyright` header from all files

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Cleanup

* 馃毊 Renoved `Services`

Services should not be used in the Preact component.

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃И Experiment commit, 馃毊 Remvoed test `console.log`

* 馃枍 Added and Formatted `JSS` & `CSS`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃悰 Minor fixes for `JSS`

* 鈾伙笍 `shouldHintReappear` renamed to more precise name `repeatHint`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃И Experimental Test: `DOM` APIs to `JSX`

Preact component should not be creating any elements with DOM APIs. Preferring JSX instead. This is an experimental code for my storybook test.

* 鈾伙笍 Minor fixes and Cleanup

* 鉁 Added `seekTo` API Function

* 鈾伙笍 Minor fix to initialise base class

* 鈾伙笍 Added classes on the JSX node

* 鈴 Removed `CSS`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 `ActionTrust` set for only user interaction

`DEFAULT` is needed for user interaction whereas `LOW` events could include things like autoplaying carousels. Thus, `DEFAULT` is recommended!

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Removed unnecessary initialisation and import

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 `ImageSlider` prefixed with `Bento`

The one exception that can stay `ImageSlider` is Storybooks. So, the Storybooks are still alphabetised and searchable without getting clogged up by the `Bento` prefix noise.

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Preact storybook updated with new prefix `Bento`

Preact Storybook `title` should be left as `ImageSlider` so it is still alphabetised and searchable without getting clogged up by the `Bento` prefix noise.

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 `classList` changed with `class`

Always prefer `class` to `classList`.

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 `initial-slider-position` type corrected to `number`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃悰 Bug fix for `images` and `labels`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Updated storybook examples

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃毊 Cleanup unnecessary storybook comment

* 鈾伙笍 `disable-hint-reappear` renamed as `display-hint-once` in Bento `1.0`

The intention is to not have an attribute with a negative name, since enabling or disabling it can be confusing to reason about. On second thought, `repeat-hint` is not a good alternative because it flips the default behaviour when omitted. Let's rename to `display-hint-once` or similar, which has the same default omitted/provided behaviour, but perhaps a clearer name.

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈴 Changes to markdown reverted and moved to `0.1`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鉁 Added markdown for `1.0`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃悰 Fix for Preact Component API

Co-authored-by: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃悰 Minor bug fixes

Co-authored-by: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Validation check added for `percent` attribute

Co-authored-by: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Updated use of `DisplayAs` as a component

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 `BentoImageSliderApi` namespace renamed to `Api` for precise meaning

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃枍 Added `css` for `1.0`, 馃悰 Minor bug fixes and `prettify`

Co-Authored-By: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍 Minor fix for `percent` validation check

* 鈾伙笍 Removed superfluous trailing argument for `parseFloat`

* 馃И Experimental Code: Image Reference Issue

This commit is intended to check and resolve image reference issue mentioned in discussion: #35783 (comment)

Use keyboard "left" & "right" arrow key to move bar and slide images. Also, focus on the container to enable keyboard input to the component.

* Fix ref issue in DisplayAsWithRef component (#5)

* tickevents: remove unused enum values (#36159)

* tickevents: remove unused enum values

* Remove dupe of CLS, fidv, lj1,lj2

* format

* 馃摝 Update cimg/openjdk Docker tag to v17 (#36172)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency rollup to v2.57.0 (#36134)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/graphql to v4.7.0 (#35844)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍  Migrate `observeWithSharedInOb` to `observeIntersections` (#36106)

* 馃彈 Make setup-node step consistent across gh actions (#36175)

* Partially revert "馃彈 Parallelize `dist` steps (#35943)" (#36176)

* Revert "馃彈 Parallelize `dist` steps (#35943)"

This reverts commit 1e2c808.

* Partially allow parallelization for smaller tasks

* Also include `compileAllJs` in the parallelized part

* (amp-lightbox-gallery): opens to selected image, resolve #35920 (#36103)

removed a unlayout call that would cause the image to default to the first slide

* 鈾伙笍  preact inob: small cleanup (#36177)

* preact inob: small cleanup

* also remove current

* build-system: only write version.txt once per dir (#36162)

* build-system: only write version.txt once

* output full set of

* sort the paths

* write files...not directories

* succinct format

* bind-impl: missing ampStateEl is a user error (#36113)

* Update Yandex & ADFOX amp-ad codes (#35442)

* 馃ИUpdate OT token for attribution-reporting (#36181)

* 馃彈  Add `exports` for stylesheets to `package.json` (#36027)

* Add styles.css export to package.json

* Conditionally add export

* Use `fast-glob`

* Add separate export entry for each stylesheet

* window support

* sort for lint

Co-authored-by: Jake Fried <samouri@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鉁  [bento][amp-iframe] Add validator rules for 1.0 (#36182)

* 馃毊 Sweep experiments older than 2021-02-01 (#35486)

Sweep experiments last flipped globally up to 2021-02-01:

- (2021-01-20, a9e2778) `adsense-ad-size-optimization`: 1

* UTF8 encoding/decoding library to deprecated utf8 functions in strings.h|cc (#36184)

library.

PiperOrigin-RevId: 398102411

Co-authored-by: Amaltas Bohra <amaltas@google.com>

* Validator rollup (#36185)

* cl/398081751 Use the proto message number instead of index for enums.

* cl/398323481 Two-way sync for PR #36085. No-op, or fixes merge conflicts, if any.

Co-authored-by: honeybadgerdontcare <sedano@google.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/rest to v18.11.2 (#36180)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* deps: bump bento-compiler (#36191)

* 馃摝 Update dependency @jest/core to v27.2.3 (#36189)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency esbuild to v0.12.25 (#35928)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update linting devDependencies (#36119)

* 馃摝 Update linting devDependencies

* Fix lint errors

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>

* 馃摝 Update dependency axios to 0.21.2 [SECURITY] (#35999)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency esbuild to v0.13.3 (#36198)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency tar to v6.1.9 [SECURITY] (#35509)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* performance-impl: cant check ampdoc vis hidden while null (#36197)

* performance-impl: cant check ampdoc vis hidden before initted

* Add unit test

* 馃彈  Add nice colors to release tagger logs (#36200)

* log

* comment

* 馃摝 Update core devDependencies (#36196)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @ampproject/worker-dom to v0.32.0 (#36138)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency google-closure-library to v20210808 (#35617)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* SwG Release 0.1.22.186 (#36202)

* 馃摝 Update dependency chromedriver to v94 (#35951)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>

* 馃摝 Update dependency tar to v6.1.11 (#36203)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摉 `bento-facebook` Documentation (#36038)

* [`bento-facebook`] Update the amp-facebook.md file for both 0.1 and 1.0.
Add a README.md for 1.0 bento mode.

* [`bento-facebook`] Add documentation to describe the amp-facebook  usage
outside of valid AMP docs.

* [`bento-facebook`] Add readme.md for BentoFacebook.

* [`bento-facebook`] Address PR comments to update some attribute names.

* [`bento-facebook`] Update CDN link to bento-facebook-1.0.js.

* [`bento-facebook`] Prettify amp-facebook.md.

* [`bento-facebook`] Update dead link to FB documentation to a real link.

* [`bento-facebook`] Update dead links to be valid.

* 馃毊  Clean up dead amp-sidebar code within stories (#36178)

* Remove amp-sidebar code from extensions/amp-story

* Remove amp-sidebar visual tests from examples/visual-tests/amp-story

* Remove reference to amp-sidebar from amp-story-interactive README

* Remove remaining amp-sidebar logic from extensions/amp-story

* Remove amp-sidebar logic from amp-story-system-layer code

* Remove amp-sidebar code from amp-story-store-service.js

* Remove amp-sidebar storybook JS files

* A few missed deletions in test-amp-story and build-system/ caught by linter

* Revert extensions/amp-sidebar/*/storybook removal from forbidden terms

* Add back the amp-sidebar storybook files

* Add newline at end of each storybook file

* Run amp get-zindex --fix

* 馃悰 [amp-story-panning-media] Set width on amp-img el (#36217)

* Set width on amp-img el.

* Add height

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/rest to v18.11.3 (#36212)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency eslint-plugin-react to v7.26.1 (#36214)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @ampproject/bento-compiler to v0.0.9 (#36225)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 鈾伙笍Don't fetch crypto signature verifier in no-signing (#36187)

* 馃悰 Force transfer of `amp-consent` element to the `FixedLayer` (#36223)

Fixes #36063

`amp-consent` explicitly adds itself to the `FixedLayer`, transferring itself before the iframe is loaded.

On a later pass, `FixedLayer` decides that `amp-consent` is not transferrable, so it returns it to the original `<body>` element.

Enabling `forceTransfer` causes the return reparenting to not occur, thus preventing the iframe from loading a second time.

* 馃摝 Update core dependencies (#35061)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency rollup to v2.58.0 (#36232)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* 馃摝 Update dependency @octokit/rest to v18.11.4 (#36227)

Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* [bento][amp-iframe] Add README (#36210)

* [bento][amp-iframe] changes to publish to npm (#36190)

* 馃悰 fix broken link to Preact/React component section in various README (#36222)

* 馃彈 release: Update self-hosting support to use amp release (#36165)

* Update self-host to use amp release

`amp release` copies static files and downloaded resources to supplement
an `amp dist` runtime. Support custom release flavor definitions and
update the amp-framework-hosting documentation.

* Fix typo in documentation

* Prefer accessing argv instead of passing value

* Skip cleaning custom configs by default

* Review suggestions

* [amp-iframe] iframe viewability (#36131)

* bento amp-iframe: guard effect from running without a win (#36241)

* 馃殌 babel/terser: rename all amp privates with sentinel suffix (#36143)

* configs: Separate user configs from output files (#36236)

Identify user configuration files under build-system/global-configs as
distinct from generated output. This will help avoid accidentally
including them in the cleanup script in the future.

* Fix ref issue in DisplayAsWithRef component

* Update the fix

Co-authored-by: Jake Fried <samouri@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <29139614+renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: dmanek <506183+dmanek@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Esther Kim <44627152+estherkim@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Daniel Rozenberg <rodaniel@amp.dev>
Co-authored-by: William Johnson <dethstrobe@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Mikhail Troshev <mishanga@yandex-team.ru>
Co-authored-by: Caleb Cordry <ccordry@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Pascal Birchler <pascalb@google.com>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Allan Banaag <banaag@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Amaltas Bohra <amaltas@google.com>
Co-authored-by: honeybadgerdontcare <sedano@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>
Co-authored-by: qidonna <968756+qidonna@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: rebeccanthomas <64608436+rebeccanthomas@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Corey Masanto <masanto@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Philip Bell <philipbell@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Alan Orozco <alanorozco@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Matt Mower <mdmower@cmphys.com>
Co-authored-by: Anurag Vasanwala <75766877+AnuragVasanwala@users.noreply.github.com>

* Fix bento slider issues (#12)

* Refactor bento amp image slider markup

* Fix label styling

* Fix hints and slider touch gestures

* Add storybook styling for custom label and hints

* Remove unneccesary code

* Add comments for `containerClass` and `initLogContructor`

* Update import path using alias

* 鈾伙笍 Update alias, update AMP example

* 馃彈 Update compilation config

* 馃枍 Fix for `amp-img` size

* 鈾伙笍 Update image `selector` order

* 鈾伙笍 Minor fix passing class name

* Fix bento image slider misc issues (#14)

* Add slot for custom hints and fix label markup

* Implement display-hint-once option and cleanup code

* Fix LGTM check

* Fix LGTM check

* Use ContainWrapper for component wrapper

* Fix circleCI checks

* Add unit test cases for amp-image-slider component

* Update initial position attribute in storybook

* Add unit test code coverage

* Fix flaky test cases

* Fix unit test cases

* Remove image slider 1.0 example file

* Remove unused code

* Remove unused code

* Fix unlisten event function logic

* 鈾伙笍 Minor fix, `lint` and `prettify`

* 鈾伙笍 Update derived class extends using `setSuperClass`

* 鈾伙笍 Correct dead links in `markdown`

* 鈾伙笍 Remove `@storybook/addon-knobs` dependency from storybook

* 鈾伙笍 Allow `src/service/timer-impl.js` dependency

* 鈾伙笍 Update `Z_INDEX.md`

* 鈾伙笍 Add check for `initialPosition` and `stepSize`

* 馃悰 Update `isFiniteNumber` with `isNaN`

Co-authored-by: Caroline Liu <10456171+caroqliu@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Edi Amin <to.ediamin@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Jake Fried <samouri@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <29139614+renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: renovate[bot] <renovate[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: dmanek <506183+dmanek@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Esther Kim <44627152+estherkim@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Daniel Rozenberg <rodaniel@amp.dev>
Co-authored-by: William Johnson <dethstrobe@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: Mikhail Troshev <mishanga@yandex-team.ru>
Co-authored-by: Caleb Cordry <ccordry@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Pascal Birchler <pascalb@google.com>
Co-authored-by: github-actions[bot] <41898282+github-actions[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Allan Banaag <banaag@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Amaltas Bohra <amaltas@google.com>
Co-authored-by: honeybadgerdontcare <sedano@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Raghu Simha <rsimha@amp.dev>
Co-authored-by: qidonna <968756+qidonna@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: rebeccanthomas <64608436+rebeccanthomas@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Corey Masanto <masanto@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Philip Bell <philipbell@google.com>
Co-authored-by: Alan Orozco <alanorozco@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Matt Mower <mdmower@cmphys.com>
Co-authored-by: Deepak Lalwani <deepak.lalwani81@gmail.com>
Sign up for free to join this conversation on GitHub. Already have an account? Sign in to comment
Projects
Development

Successfully merging this pull request may close these issues.

None yet

3 participants